Add soft reset for assets in frontend (#5114)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

=========

* :release:`1.26.1 <2022-11-04>`

> * :feature:`5114` Add soft reset option for assets.

Reviewer: Explaining it better

```suggestion
* :feature:`5114` Add an option to reset the global DB assets that are known by the app to their original state. A so called soft-reset.
```
